Added rsun_obs property to return a quantity (#3099)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3099.bugfix.rst

> Added rsun_obs property to STEREO map sources. It returns a quantity in arcsec consistent with other Maps and overwrites mapbase's assumption of a photospheric limb as seen Added rsun_obs property to stereo map sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ``rsun_obs`` property to the STEREO map. It returns a quantity in arcsec consistent with other `sunpy.map.GenericMap` and overwrites mapbase's assumption of a photospheric limb as seen.
```

Reviewer 2: why not
```
`~sunpy.map.EUVIMap.rsun_obs`
```

Author: Done.
